feat: update support for codex (#41)
coder/agentapi: README.md

Run an HTTP server that lets you control an agent. If you'd like to start an agent with additional arguments, pass the full agent command after the `--` flag.

> [!NOTE]

> > When using Codex, make sure to explicitly specify the agent type (for example, `agentapi server -- codex`) after the `--` flag when starting the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When using Codex, always specify the agent type explicitly (`agentapi server --type=codex -- codex`), or message formatting may break.
```
